Add Observability Operator page (#56)
rhobs/handbook: content/Products/Observability-Operator/README.md

> # Observability-Operator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Observability Operator
```

> [observability-operator](https://github.com/rhobs/observability-operator) is a Kubernetes operator which enables the management of Monitoring/Alerting stacks through Kubernetes CRDs. Eventually it might also cover Logging and Tracing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Observability Operator](https://github.com/rhobs/observability-operator) is a Kubernetes operator 
created in Go to setup and manage multiple highly available Monitoring Stack using Prometheus and
Thanos Querier.

 Eventually, this operator may also cover Logging and Tracing.
```
